What results can you achieve?
A bargain
Grab something and don't admit it
Dare to be unworthy waste
You are just like your father
You keep saying that I'm drinking something
Then do you dare to bet again?
What? You're not so sure?
Dare not gamble
Just bet
What to bet if I get results later
And better than Takahashi
That proves I didn't carve anything
And I got the decade I just lifted.
Your family has to kneel down and apologize to me
And announced that he would never participate in the Olympics
Well, if you don't have a concubine
No more than my son
If I lose
I'm holding this champion plaque
Kneel down and kowtow to you
I will never participate in the Olympics in the future
Ruolan, don't be impulsive.
Zhao Ruolan, calm down
You have worked hard for so many years
Not just for the Olympic Games
Play your part
You must not give your own way out
Broken, Principal Dad
Don't worry, trust me.
Would you bet?
Bet on who is afraid of who?
Horse down payment